PPoPP 2015 - Call for Papers

PPoPP is the forum for leading work on all aspects of parallel
programming, including foundational and theoretical aspects,
techniques, languages, compilers, runtime systems, tools, and
practical experiences. In the context of the symposium, "parallel
programming" encompasses work on concurrent and parallel systems
(multicore, multithreaded, heterogeneous, clustered systems,
distributed systems, grids, clouds, and large scale machines). Given
the rise of parallel architectures into the consumer market (desktops,
laptops, and mobile devices), PPoPP is particularly interested in work
that addresses new parallel workloads, techniques, and tools that
attempt to improve the productivity of parallel programming, and work
towards improved synergy with such emerging architectures. Specific
topics of interest include (but are not limited to):
  + Parallel programming theory and models
  + Formal analysis and verification
  + Parallel programming languages
  + Compilers and runtime systems for parallel and heterogeneous systems
  + Task-parallel libraries
  + Parallel application frameworks
  + Software productivity for parallel programming
  + Middleware for parallel systems
  + Performance analysis, debugging and optimization
  + Development, analysis, or management tools
  + Parallel algorithms
  + Parallel applications
  + Concurrent data structures
  + Synchronization and concurrency control
  + Software engineering for parallel programs
  + Fault tolerance for parallel systems
  + Software for heterogeneous architectures
  + Programming tools for parallel and heterogeneous systems
  + Parallelism in non-scientific workloads: web, search, analytics, cloud

Papers should report on original research relevant to parallel
programming, and should contain enough background materials to make
them accessible to the entire parallel programming research community.

Papers describing experiences should indicate how they illustrate
general principles; papers about parallel programming foundations
should indicate how they relate to practice. Poster submissions should
meet similar criteria for originality and relevance, but may present
emerging ideas or results that are not yet sufficiently developed for
a full paper.

All submissions must be made electronically through the conference web
site. Abstracts must include contact information, the full list of
authors and their affiliations, and a description (100-400 words) of
the anticipated content of the paper. Full paper submissions must be
in PDF formatted for US lettersize paper. They must not exceed 10
pages (all inclusive) in standard ACM two-column conference format
(preprint mode, with page number). Templates for ACM format are
available for Microsoft Word, and LaTeX at
http://www.sigplan.org/authorInformation.htm (use the 9 pt
template). Over-length submissions will not be accepted. Submissions
will be judged on correctness, relevance, originality, significance,
and clarity.

Paper submission is double-blind to reduce reviewer bias against or
for authors or institutions. Thus, the submissions cannot include
author names, institutions or hints based on references to prior
work. If authors are extending their own work, they need to reference
and discuss the past work in third person, as if they were extending
someone else's research. We realize that for some papers it will still
reveal authorship, but as long as an effort was made to follow these
guidelines, the submission will not be penalized. Authors must
identify any conflicts-of-interest with PC members and external review
committee members, as defined here:
http://www.sigplan.org/review_policies.htm (ACM SIGPLAN policy).

Poster submissions must conform to the same format restrictions, but
may not exceed 2 pages in length. Paper submissions that are not
accepted for regular presentations will automatically be considered
for posters; authors who do not want their paper considered for the
poster session should indicate this in their abstract
submission. Two-page summaries of posters will be included in the
conference proceedings.

AUTHORS TAKE NOTE: The official publication date is the date the
proceedings are made available in the ACM Digital Library. This date
may be up to two weeks prior to the first day of your conference. The
official publication date affects the deadline for any patent filings
related to published work. (For those rare conferences whose
proceedings are published in the ACM Digital Library after the
conference is over, the official publication date remains the first
day of the conference.)

PPoPP 2015 will be co-located with HPCA 2015 and CGO 2015 in the San
Francisco Bay Area.  Authors should carefully consider the difference
in focus of the conferences when deciding where to submit a paper.

Important dates:
  Abstract submission: September 5, 2014
  Full paper submission: September 12, 2014
  Author response period: October 28-30, 2014
  Notification of acceptance: November 10, 2014
  Camera ready deadline: December 15, 2014

General Chair
  Albert Cohen, INRIA

Program Chair 
  David Grove, IBM Research 

Program Committee
  Rajesh Bordawekar         IBM Research
  Barbara Chapman           University of Houston
  Daniel G. Chavarría       Pacific Northwest National Laboratory
  Yifeng Chen               Peiking University
  Brian Demsky              University of California, Irvine
  Alastair Donaldson        Imperial College
  Pascal Felber             University of Neuchatel (Switzerland)
  Jeremy T. Fineman         Georgetown University
  Basilio B. Fraguela       Universidade da Coruña
  Michael Garland           NVIDIA
  Maria J. Garzaran         University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
  David Grove (chair)       IBM Research               
  Alexander Matveev         MIT
  Frank Mueller             North Carolina State University
  Madan Musuvathi           Microsoft Research
  Rupesh Nasre              IIT Madras
  Iulian Neamtiu            University of California, Riverside
  Dimitrios Nikolopoulos    Queen's University of Belfast, United Kingdom
  Vijay Reddi               University of Texas at Austin
  P. Sadayappan             Ohio State University
  Martin Schulz             Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory
  Michelle Mills Strout     Colorado State University
  Olivier Tardieu           IBM Research
  Philippas Tsigas          Chalmers University of Technology
  Robert A. van de Geijn    University of Texas at Austin
  Richard Vuduc             Georgia Institute of Technology
  Michael Weber             Qualcomm
  Peng Wu                   Huawei US research lab
  Francesco Zappa Nardelli  INRIA
  Antonia Zhai              University of Minnesota
